[ADD] Frontdesk: moving visitors section to new doc (#9454)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/frontdesk/visitors.rst

  :guilabel:`Planned`, :guilabel:`Checked-Out`, or :guilabel:`Canceled`.
- :guilabel:`Email`: the guest's email address.

To the far right of the titled columns on the :guilabel:`Visitors` page is an untitled column,
where a guest's status can be updated.

When a guest leaves, click the available :guilabel:`Check out` button to update the guest's record,
and log the date and time they left.

If a scheduled guest arrives, and they did not check in using the *Frontdesk* kiosk, they can be
checked in here, by clicking the available :guilabel:`Check in` button to log the date and time they
arrived.

Beside the untitled status column a :guilabel:`Drink Served` button appears, but only if that
particular visitor requested a drink.

When their drink has been served, click the :guilabel:`Drink Served` button to indicate the drink
has been delivered to the guest. Once clicked, that button disappears.

.. image:: visitors/visitors.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The full list of currently checked in visitors, with the drinks to be served highlighted.

If any column is not visible, or if a visible column is preferred to be hidden, click the

> :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings adjust)` icon, located at the end of the column name

Author: Agreed- seems like we are still figurin out to use the UI terms that we see or the font awesome description. A perfetc discussion for a future writers workshop! I will also have @samueljlieber put in his 2 cents here when he does the tech rveiew.

> :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings adjust)` icon, located at the end of the column name

Reviewer: Hi, to be consistent across all icon labels I think it is best to stick with the icon's name:
```rst 
:icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings adjust)` icon...
```

========
Visitors
========

In the Odoo *Frontdesk* application, a *visitor* is defined as any non-employee (e.g., repair
person, job candidate, etc.). These visitors can be logged upon arrival and departure for security
purposes. This ensures an accurate list of people on the premises.

.. _frontdesk/list:

Visitor list
============

To access a complete list of checked-in visitors, navigate to :menuselection:`Frontdesk app -->
Visitors`.

.. note::
   By default, the :guilabel:`Planned or Checked-In` and :guilabel:`Today` filters appear in the
   :guilabel:`Search...` bar.

All visitors are presented in a list view, with the following details that were entered upon check
in:

- :guilabel:`Name`: the guest's name.
- :guilabel:`Visitor Company`: the company the guest represents.
- :guilabel:`Phone`: the guest's phone number.
- :guilabel:`Drinks*`: the drink the guest requested.
- :guilabel:`Host`: who the guest is waiting to see.
- :guilabel:`CheckIn`: the date and time the guest checked in.

> - :guilabel:`Checkout*`: the date and time the guest checked out. In the default view, only guests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Checkout`\*: the date and time the guest checked out. In the default view, only guests
```

  with a :guilabel:`Checked-In` or :guilabel:`Planned` status are visible. Guests with check-out
  times are only visible if the :guilabel:`Today` filter is not active.
- :guilabel:`Duration`: the amount of time the guest has been checked in for.
- :guilabel:`Station`: the location of where the guest checked in.
- :guilabel:`Status`: the status of the guest. The options are :guilabel:`Checked-In`,
  :guilabel:`Planned`, :guilabel:`Checked-Out`, or :guilabel:`Canceled`.

> - :guilabel:`Email*`: the guest's email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Email`\*: the guest's email address.
```

> \*\ These fields are not visible in the default :guilabel:`Visitor` list. These must be enabled

Reviewer: Just need to escape before the formatting character :)
```suggestion
\* These fields are not visible in the default :guilabel:`Visitor` list. These must be enabled
```

> using the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon in the top-right of the

Reviewer: Please see [my comment](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/9454#discussion_r1619445128) :)
```suggestion
using the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings adjust)` icon in the top-right of the
```

list.

To the far-right of the titled columns on the :guilabel:`Visitors` page, there is an untitled
column, where a guest's status can be updated.

When a guest leaves, click the available :guilabel:`Check out` button to update the guest's record,
and log the date and time they left.

If a scheduled guest arrives, and they did not check in using the *Frontdesk* kiosk, they can be
checked in here, by clicking the available :guilabel:`Check in` button to log the date and time they
arrived.

Beside the untitled status column, a :guilabel:`Drink Served` button appears, but only if that
particular visitor requested a drink.

When their drink has been served, click the :guilabel:`Drink Served` button to indicate the drink
has been delivered to the guest. Once clicked, that button disappears.

.. image:: visitors/visitors.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The full list of currently checked in visitors, with the drinks to be served highlighted.

If any column is not visible, or if a visible column is preferred to be hidden, click the

> :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon, located at the end of the column
> name list.
> 
> Clicking that reveals a drop-down menu of column options to enable or disable. A :icon:`fa-check`
> :guilabel:`(check)` icon indicates the column is visible.

Reviewer: Update icon label, and refrain from "That" language, especially when starting a new paragraph. I was confused what you meant by "Clicking that". Suggesting to restructure to:
```suggestion
:icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings adjust)` icon, located at the end of the column
name list. Doing so, reveals a drop-down menu of column options to enable or disable. A
:icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`(check)` icon indicates the column is visible.
```

   Visitors`). If a planned guest checks in using a kiosk, they will be checked in separately, and
   their planned visitor entry remains listed as :guilabel:`Planned`.

   The :guilabel:`Planned` status of a planned guest **only** changes to :guilabel:`Checked-In` when
   they are checked in *inside* the application's :guilabel:`Visitors` list.

   If a guest does check in using a kiosk, ensure all records are current, and the list of guests
   that are currently on-site is correct. Be sure to check in and/or check out the correct entries,
   so the visitors list correctly reflects who is currently on the premises.

   Ensure planned guests are informed that they should **not** check in using the kiosk if they are
   listed as a planned guest in advance.

Visitor flow
============

Visitor check in
----------------

When a visitor arrives at a facility, they approach a :ref:`Frontdesk kiosk <frontdesk/kiosk>`, and
click :guilabel:`Check in`. The information requested from the visitor is what was configured for
that specific *Frontdesk* station. If any information is required, the field displays a red asterisk

> (*). The visitor **must** enter the required information in order to check in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(\*). The visitor **must** enter the required information in order to check in.
```

Once all the information is entered, the visitor taps the :guilabel:`Check In` button.

.. note::
   At any point in the check-in process, if ten seconds pass with no selection, the kiosk returns to
   the main welcome screen.

Drinks
------

If drinks were configured for the station, after tapping :guilabel:`Check In`, a registration

> confirmation screen loads, along with the question: `Do you want something to drink?`

Reviewer: Text that appears on the UI like this should be in a :guilabel: :)
```suggestion
confirmation screen loads, along with the question: :guilabel:`Do you want something to drink?`
```

The visitor can tap either :guilabel:`Yes, please`, or :guilabel:`No, thank you`.

If they select :guilabel:`Yes, please`, a drink selection screen appears, and the pre-configured
options are listed. The visitor then taps the desired selection, or, if they do not want anything,
they can tap the :guilabel:`Nothing, thanks` button at the bottom of the screen.

> If a drink selection was made, a `Thank you for registering! Your drink is on the way.` message
> appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a drink selection was made, a :guilabel:`Thank you for registering! Your drink is on the way.`
message appears.
```

Notifications
-------------

Once the visitor has checked in, the person they are visiting, and any other users who were
configured to be notified when check-ins occur at the kiosk, are notified. The notification is
either by email, SMS message, a *Discuss* chat, or any combination of those three options.

If the visitor requested a drink, the user(s) configured as the :guilabel:`People to Notify` on the

> drink form, are notified, via the *Discuss* application. The message that appears is: `(Visitor
> Name) just checked-in. They requested (Drink Name).`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
drink form, are notified, via the *Discuss* application. The message that appears is:
:guilabel:`(Visitor Name) just checked-in. They requested (Drink Name).`
```
